Diagnostics Improvements for quorumAckedLSN, CurrentReplicaSetSize, and replicaStatusList (#39844)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

### 4.59.0-beta.1 (Unreleased)

#### Features Added

> * Added diagnostic fields for `quorumAckedLSN` and `currentReplicaSetSize`. Changed `replicaStatusList` to include all replicas and more information. - See [PR 39807]()

Author: ```suggestion
* Added diagnostic fields for `quorumAckedLSN` and `currentReplicaSetSize`. Changed `replicaStatusList` to include all replicas and more information. - See [PR 39844](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/39844)
```

> * Added diagnostic fields for `quorumAckedLSN` and `currentReplicaSetSize`. Changed `replicaStatusList` to include all replicas and more information. - See [PR 39844](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/39844)

Reviewer: I think this should be in "others" section

Author: changed
